*Exercise: Architecture and System Design Process*
**Group Assignment**

***Review of core instructions***
- For one of the activities in the Requirements document, create a Use Case Diagram and the associated Use Case Description.
- For 5-person teams, take two of the Activities, and for 6-person teams, take three of the Activities (different activities than the use case) in the Requirements document and create an activity diagram to demonstrate the flow of the system. Each individual should contribute to an activity diagram.
- For one of the Activities in the Requirements document (a different Activity) create a class diagram to demonstrate the class(es) and entity relations.
- For each of the other three types of UML diagrams in the list above, use it to represent another part of the system. This includes an Entity-Relationship diagram, a sequence diagram, and a state machine.

- Compile the diagrams into the group document as described under Deliverable.
- Provide a table of contents.
- Each diagram should have a title and caption describing what it shows.
- Each diagram should indicate who worked on it and in what role.
- Your work will be assessed on the completeness, consistency, clarity and notational correctness of your group design and your adherence to the scope of the project.


***Grading: 50 points total***

- Turned something in: 1 point  
- Diagrams are clear, and coherent with each other (i.e., the different diagrams don't represent the same concepts in a fundamentally visual way): 1 point  
- Table of contents: 1 point  
- Each person contributed to 3 diagrams: 5 points total for all 
***Diagrams:***
- Use Case and Description: 6 points. NOTE: Must include a description as well as a diagram.
- 2 or 3 Activity Diagrams: 12 points total (6 or 4 points apiece)
- Class Diagram: 6 points
- ERD: 6 points
- Sequence Diagram: 6 points
- State Diagram: 6 points

***6 point break down for diagrams***  
 (be flexible on Activity Diagrams, since there are 2 or 3 of them):
- 1 point per diagram - Each diagram should list who worked on it and what type of contribution they did - whether it was construction, collaboration, or peer review. Should also have a TITLE and CAPTION.  

****Other 5 points for each diagram:****
- 5 – The diagram is logically complete and follows UML Standards  
- 4 - The diagram is logically complete, but UML Standards not fully followed
- 3 – UML Standards followed, but the diagram is not logically complete. 
- 2 – Significant issues with the logical completeness of the diagram
- 1 – Significant issues with the logical completeness of the diagram, and UML standards are not coherently visible in the diagram
- 0 - Diagram missing
